sites/main-site/src/content/events/2026/hackathon-march-2026/crg.mdx, before:

---
title: "Hackathon - March 2026 (CRG)"
subtitle: "Local node for the nf-core hackathon at the Centre for Genomic Regulation, Barcelona, Spain"
shortTitle: "🇪🇸 Barcelona, CRG"
type: "hackathon"
startDate: "2026-03-11"
startTime: "09:00+01:00"
endDate: "2026-03-13"
endTime: "17:00+01:00"
locations:
    - name: CRG, Barcelona
      address: |
          CRG Training Center. Room 042, located in the patio of the PRBB (C/ del Dr. Aiguader, 88, 08003 Barcelona)
      country: Spain
      city: Barcelona
      geoCoordinates: [41.385532, 2.193823]
layout: "@layouts/events/HackathonMarch2026.astro"
---

Any bioinformatics enthusiasts in the Barcelona area are welcome to attend this local node of the nf-core hackathon!

Attendees from outside CRG **can** attend.

Contacts:

- [Cris Tuñí i Domínguez](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U07HJM81PSA) (cristina.tuni@flomics.com)
- [Jose Espinosa-Carrasco](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U2GGQPG5F) (joseantonio.espinosa@crg.eu)
- [Júlia Mir-Pedrol](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U02K1LQ4V2U) (julia.mir@crg.eu)
- [Luca Cozzuto](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U2U8Y9M9U) (luca.cozzuto@crg.eu)

## Site Specific guidelines

The CRG Training Center Room 042 is located in the patio of the PRBB. It can be accessed from the main lobby without requiring a visitor card.

## Schedule

Schedule TBD

## Projects

We will work on open issues around nf-core pipelines, including:

- nf-core/proteinfold: this is a project worked on in collaboration with other local sites. We will work exclusively in person from the CRG and sync every day with the work done by collaborators from Australia.

This will an _in-person_ site.
We can't guarantee a space where on-line meetings can be taken.

If you want to come with your colleagues to work on a project on-site, please open a PR to add the project to these descriptions!
Your suggestions are more than welcomed and further details will be published soon.

Commit message:

adding nf-core/spatialxe as a project for march hackathon

sites/main-site/src/content/events/2026/hackathon-march-2026/crg.mdx, after:

---
title: "Hackathon - March 2026 (CRG)"
subtitle: "Local node for the nf-core hackathon at the Centre for Genomic Regulation, Barcelona, Spain"
shortTitle: "🇪🇸 Barcelona, CRG"
type: "hackathon"
startDate: "2026-03-11"
startTime: "09:00+01:00"
endDate: "2026-03-13"
endTime: "17:00+01:00"
locations:
    - name: CRG, Barcelona
      address: |
          CRG Training Center. Room 042, located in the patio of the PRBB (C/ del Dr. Aiguader, 88, 08003 Barcelona)
      country: Spain
      city: Barcelona
      geoCoordinates: [41.385532, 2.193823]
layout: "@layouts/events/HackathonMarch2026.astro"
---

Any bioinformatics enthusiasts in the Barcelona area are welcome to attend this local node of the nf-core hackathon!

Attendees from outside CRG **can** attend.

Contacts:

- [Cris Tuñí i Domínguez](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U07HJM81PSA) (cristina.tuni@flomics.com)
- [Jose Espinosa-Carrasco](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U2GGQPG5F) (joseantonio.espinosa@crg.eu)
- [Júlia Mir-Pedrol](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U02K1LQ4V2U) (julia.mir@crg.eu)
- [Luca Cozzuto](https://nfcore.slack.com/team/U2U8Y9M9U) (luca.cozzuto@crg.eu)

## Site Specific guidelines

The CRG Training Center Room 042 is located in the patio of the PRBB. It can be accessed from the main lobby without requiring a visitor card.

## Schedule

Schedule TBD

## Projects

We will work on open issues around nf-core pipelines, including:

- nf-core/proteinfold: this is a project worked on in collaboration with other local sites. We will work exclusively in person from the CRG and sync every day with the work done by collaborators from Australia.
- nf-core/spatialxe: for his project people can join to work in person from the CRG and also online.

This will an _in-person_ site.
We can't guarantee a space where on-line meetings can be taken.

If you want to come with your colleagues to work on a project on-site, please open a PR to add the project to these descriptions!
Your suggestions are more than welcomed and further details will be published soon.
