sites/main-site/src/content/events/2026/hackathon-march-2026/seoul.mdx, before:

---
title: "Hackathon - March 2026 (Seoul)"
subtitle: "Local node the nf-core hackathon at Centerfield East Tower"
shortTitle: "🇰🇷 Seoul"
type: "hackathon"
startDate: "2026-03-13"
startTime: "10:00+09:00"
endDate: "2026-03-13"
endTime: "17:00+09:00"
locations:
  - name: Centerfield East Tower
    address: |
      231, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu,
      Seoul, Republic of Korea
    links:
      - (link for building entrance QR code later)
    geoCoordinates: [37.503555, 127.041478]
    country: South Korea
    city: Seoul
layout: "@layouts/events/HackathonMarch2026.astro"
---
Main contact: Jehee Lee ([jhlee0637@gmail.com](mailto:jhlee0637@gmail.com))

[Nextflow 해커톤 2026 서울허브 소개 페이지 바로가기](http://nextflow2026seoul.notion.site/)

## Schedule & Availability
The Seoul hub will be open **only on the last day** of the hackathon.

* **Date:** Friday, March 13, 2026
* **Time:** 10:00 - 17:00 KST

## Venue Details
Currently, we have a space limited to **12 people**, so please register early to save your spot!

If we expect more than 12 attendees, we will arrange a larger venue in the Gangnam area and inform you in advance.

## Projects
1.

Commit message:

Revise event details for March 2026 hackathon in Seoul
Updated contact information and added registration details for the offline local hub. Clarified venue capacity and QR code registration.

sites/main-site/src/content/events/2026/hackathon-march-2026/seoul.mdx, after:

---
title: "Hackathon - March 2026 (Seoul)"
subtitle: "Local node the nf-core hackathon at Centerfield East Tower"
shortTitle: "🇰🇷 Seoul"
type: "hackathon"
startDate: "2026-03-13"
startTime: "10:00+09:00"
endDate: "2026-03-13"
endTime: "17:00+09:00"
locations:
  - name: Centerfield East Tower
    address: |
      231, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu,
      Seoul, Republic of Korea
    links:
      - (link for the building entrance QR code later)
    geoCoordinates: [37.503555, 127.041478]
    country: South Korea
    city: Seoul
layout: "@layouts/events/HackathonMarch2026.astro"
---
Main contact
 - Jehee Lee ([jhlee0637@gmail.com](mailto:jhlee0637@gmail.com))
 - Workflow Language Group [open kakaotalk](https://open.kakao.com/o/gzlol4Zg)

[Nextflow 해커톤 2026 서울허브 소개 페이지 바로가기](http://nextflow2026seoul.notion.site/)

## Schedule & Availability
The Seoul hub will be open **only on the last day** of the hackathon.

* **Date:** Friday, March 13, 2026
* **Time:** 10:00 - 17:00 KST

## Venue Details
If you want to join to the offline local hub, you should register for the entrance QR code too.

The link will be provided later so please contact Jehee Lee(jhlee0637@gmail.com) before March. 

We have limited seats for the offlice local hub so please register early to save your spot!


## Projects
1.
